doc: add minutes for 15th Nov 2022 (#599)
nodejs/diagnostics: wg-meetings/2022-11-15.md

# Node.js  Diagnostics WorkGroup Meeting 2022-11-15

## Links

* **Recording**:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-951TqcQL5k
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/diagnostics/issues/598

## Present

* Diagnostics team: @nodejs/diagnostics

* Gireesh Punathil (@gireeshpunathil)
* Tony Gorez (@tony-go)
* Stephen Belanger (@qard)
* Michael Dawson (@mhdawson)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **diag-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/diagnostics

* llnode - Current Status  [#576](https://github.com/nodejs/diagnostics/issues/576)

>   * Tony, some work on documentation, no other update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Tony: I haven't time to work on the documentation issue, there is no other update
```
